README.md, before:

=== Plugin Name ===
Contributors: mightythemes1
Donate link: https://mightythemes.com/
Tags: pros & Cons, Pros, Cons, Table, Pros & Cons table, gutenberg, block, builder
Requires at least: 5.0
Tested up to: 5.2
Stable tag: 1.0.0
License: GPLv2 or later
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html


== Description ==

Mighty Pros and Cons is a **Gutenberg block** which allows you to create highly responsive and attractive Pros and Cons table in your WordPress blog post or page. 
You don’t need to have coding or any specific technical skill to use this plugin. It’s simple and clean UI lets you create the responsive table easily. You just need to add the values and you are done. 

### Features: 
* It is highly responsive.
* Three predefined templates
* Option to Show or Hide the title and Button. 
* Option to select the border type, Border color or even the border size.
* Option to change the background color.
* Option to select the **HTML Tag for Title** of the table to make it more SEO friendly. 
* Option to **Open Link in New Tab** and add **NoFollow** tag on Button link. 
* Lightweight, it is not adding extra useless code to your website.
* You can create rounded, square or round call to action button. 

### Pros & Cons for Classic Editor
We have also developed this plugin for Classic editor as well. You can have a look on [WP Pros & Cons plugin](https://wordpress.org/plugins/joomdev-wp-pros-cons/).  

== Installation ==

**Way 1:**
1. Upload `mighty-pros-cons.zip` to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory
2. Extract the zip file.
3. Activate the plugin from wordpress plugins page.
4. Now to to your editor, and select the Mighty Pros & Cons Block and start add content. 

**Way 2:** 
1. Go to plugins page in admin.
2. Click on Add New button.
3. Search for "Mighty Pros & Cons".
4. Click install on Mighty Pros & Cons.
5. Activate the plugin.
6. Now to to your editor, and select the Mighty Pros & Cons Block and start add content. 

== Frequently Asked Questions ==

= How do I use this plugin? =
Yes, Mighty Pro & Cons is a free WordPress Gutenberg block plugin. And you are free to use it for any purpose. 

= How do I use this plugin? =
See description.

= Can I use this block with any WordPress theme? =
Yes, you can use this Gutenberg block with any of theme. It is fully compatible with almost all the themes. Still if you will have any issue, feel free to post us.

= Do I need Gutenberg to use Mighty Pro & Cons?  =
Yes offcourse. This is a Gutenberg block and you will need to activate Gutenberg editor to use this plugin. 

= How can I use its feature with Classic editor?  =
Sorry, you can't use this plugin for Classic Editor, but we have another same plugin which is developed for Classic editor. You can have a look on [WP Pros & Cons plugin](https://wordpress.org/plugins/joomdev-wp-pros-cons/).  

== Screenshots ==

1. Backend screenshot.
2. Style 1.
3. Style 2.
4. Style 3.

== Changelog ==
= 1.0.0 =
* New Plugin initialized.



== Upgrade Notice ==

= 1.0.0 =
This is the new plugin. So you not need to upgrade this yet.

Commit message:

➕ Added heading tag option for Content Title

README.md, after:

=== Plugin Name ===
Contributors: mightythemes1
Donate link: https://mightythemes.com/
Tags: pros & Cons, Pros, Cons, Table, Pros & Cons table, gutenberg, block, builder
Requires at least: 5.0
Tested up to: 5.2
Stable tag: 1.1.1
License: GPLv2 or later
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html


== Description ==

Mighty Pros and Cons is a **Gutenberg block** which allows you to create highly responsive and attractive Pros and Cons table in your WordPress blog post or page. 
You don’t need to have coding or any specific technical skill to use this plugin. It’s simple and clean UI lets you create the responsive table easily. You just need to add the values and you are done. 

### Features: 
* It is highly responsive.
* Three predefined templates
* Option to Show or Hide the title and Button. 
* Option to select the border type, Border color or even the border size.
* Option to change the background color.
* Option to select the **HTML Tag for Title** of the table to make it more SEO friendly. 
* Option to **Open Link in New Tab** and add **NoFollow** tag on Button link. 
* Lightweight, it is not adding extra useless code to your website.
* You can create rounded, square or round call to action button. 

### Pros & Cons for Classic Editor
We have also developed this plugin for Classic editor as well. You can have a look on [WP Pros & Cons plugin](https://wordpress.org/plugins/joomdev-wp-pros-cons/).  

== Installation ==

**Way 1:**
1. Upload `mighty-pros-cons.zip` to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory
2. Extract the zip file.
3. Activate the plugin from wordpress plugins page.
4. Now to to your editor, and select the Mighty Pros & Cons Block and start add content. 

**Way 2:** 
1. Go to plugins page in admin.
2. Click on Add New button.
3. Search for "Mighty Pros & Cons".
4. Click install on Mighty Pros & Cons.
5. Activate the plugin.
6. Now to to your editor, and select the Mighty Pros & Cons Block and start add content. 

== Frequently Asked Questions ==

= How do I use this plugin? =
Yes, Mighty Pro & Cons is a free WordPress Gutenberg block plugin. And you are free to use it for any purpose. 

= How do I use this plugin? =
See description.

= Can I use this block with any WordPress theme? =
Yes, you can use this Gutenberg block with any of theme. It is fully compatible with almost all the themes. Still if you will have any issue, feel free to post us.

= Do I need Gutenberg to use Mighty Pro & Cons?  =
Yes offcourse. This is a Gutenberg block and you will need to activate Gutenberg editor to use this plugin. 

= How can I use its feature with Classic editor?  =
Sorry, you can't use this plugin for Classic Editor, but we have another same plugin which is developed for Classic editor. You can have a look on [WP Pros & Cons plugin](https://wordpress.org/plugins/joomdev-wp-pros-cons/).  

== Screenshots ==

1. Backend screenshot.
2. Style 1.
3. Style 2.
4. Style 3.

== Changelog ==

= 1.1.1 =
* Added: Option to choose title for content tag

= 1.1.0 =
* Fixed new line issues when using paragraph
* Few more bug fixes and improvements.

= 1.0.0 =
This is the new plugin. So you not need to upgrade this yet.



== Upgrade Notice ==

= 1.0.0 =
This is the new plugin. So you not need to upgrade this yet.
